---
title: "My Certification"
date: 2023-02-27
---

# About myCertification Journey
IT professionals often pursue professional certificates to enhance their knowledge and skills, demonstrate their expertise, and improve their career prospects. Here are some specific reasons why IT professionals may need professional certificates:

1. **Demonstrating proficiency:** Professional certificates show that an individual has a level of proficiency in a particular technology, methodology, or skill. This can be beneficial when seeking a job, promotion, or new career opportunities.
2. **Career advancement:** Many employers prefer or require IT professionals to have specific certifications as a condition for career advancement. Certificates demonstrate a commitment to the field, and can lead to higher salaries, more responsibilities, and better job opportunities.
3. **Keeping up with new technologies:** Certifications often require ongoing education, so IT professionals must stay up to date with the latest technologies, trends, and industry best practices. This enables them to provide more value to their organizations and clients.
4. **Standardisation:** Certificates provide a common language and standardisation of knowledge, which can help organisations ensure that their employees have a consistent level of expertise and understanding.

# I attained...
* Project Management Professional (PMP)
* PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP)
* Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)
* Certified SAFe 5 Agilist
* Practical Project Manager (PPM)
* ITIL 4 Foundation
* Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)
* Certified in Cybersecurity
* Microsoft Certified Expert: Cybersecurity Architect and Azure Solutions Architect
* Microsoft Certified Associate: Azure Data Scientist and Azure AI Engineer
* IBM Cybersecurity Analyst, Data Science, and AI Engineering

Back to [home](https://kingbradleyfoo.github.io/effective-plans/)
